feat(anta): Add tag mapping between devices and tests (#377)
arista-netdevops-community/anta: docs/usage-inventory-catalog.md

  - VerifyRunningConfigDiffs:
```

> All tests can be configure with a list of user's defined tags. These tags will be mapped with devices tags when cli is used with `--tags` option. If test is configure without a list of tags, the default one will be used: `['all']`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All tests can be configured with a list of user defined tags. These tags will be mapped with device tags when `nrfu` cli is called with the `--tags` option. If a test is configured in the catalog without a list of tags, the default one will be used: `['all']`
```
